0	State news in english. Audio.  Wanna hear?? Okay then go there.
0	ISIS claims responsibility of an IED attack targeted  Assad's army Officers Club in center of  Damascus  Syria
0	ISIS featuring a 23mm sniper rifle used in targeting  Peshmerga militants in  Bashiqa..  Mosul  Iraq  TwitterKurds
0	Reports Arab coalition forces are ready to co-operate with Russia and Assad against Islamist rebels and Isis in  Syrian 
0	Wondering why  IS in Shaam ignored the group of Sh. Abdiqadir Mu'min in Somalia who gave bayah despite establishing connection.
0	Where ar the Somali muhajireens in Shaam who were out there loud asking the mujahideens in Somalia to give bayah? ar they aware of this group? 
0	30  Iraq|i army soldiers & Shiite militants killed in a snap attack northeast  Fallujah.. 
0	ISIS reportedly IED-ambushed a Police patrol in the west of the  Algeria|n capital,  Aamaq reporting.. 
0	A  USA air-forces cargo plane was unable to land at Ayn al-Asad AB after  ISIS intensively opened ground defenses at it..  Anbar  Iraq
0	Advantage Assad After Five Years of War in Syria  via business 
0	PT announced his death. In current tweet shows his pic when he was in life in this world.  Iraq SWAT hi rank figure 
0	Watch how  USA ambassador deals with his  Iraq|i allies (tools) with unlimited disdain and contempt..!! 
0	Jaish Al Islam released a very interesting new 60 minutes Propaganda Video to have a look behind the scence in...
0	The Islamic State Is Running Out of Time in Somalia  via sharethis 
0	Russian jets bombed again Civilian targets in  Daraa.
0	Jaish Al Islam released a very interesting new 60 minutes Propaganda Video to have a look behind the scence in...  	
0	ISIS Gang destroys graves in Benghazi  Lybia. They even terrorize the dead People...
0	ISIS destroyed russian made T-72 Tank in north  Bagdad. 
0	USA extended their support to the unstoppable sectarian Shiite militias in  Iraq with multiple M1 Abrams tanks.. 
0	ISIS reportedly shot down a drone near  Daquq..  Kirkuk  Iraq 
0	We have counted houses, schools, bakeries, hospitals, camps. Add this now: Animals.  Russia crimes in  Aleppo  Syria
0	Turkey to issue smoking ban for outdoors  
0	Kurdish  YPG women unti fight  ISIS and newly  Rebels in north  Aleppo.
0	Unconfirmed reports fascist terror group  YPG has captured Menagh airbase after heavy  Russia|n bombardment..  Azaz  Syria  TwitterKurds 	
0	Most likely got my attention: IRAM launcher and munitions that seized by IS in Duwwah,  Homs they can copy these.
0	Jazrawi_Aden reminds me on Tabqa massacre. Live targets for the lions. 
0	Inghimasi is playing the keyrole in every IS operations, which something Kuffar and Murtadeen would never dare to do that. 
0	Once, Minnigh saw the sacrifices of brothers, before the bloody treachery. Here's what happened now.
0	NaserElDawla yep. and this brother is also martyred in Minnigh Offensive.
0	O rebels! Have you see what your leaders decision brings you to what state today? The path of destruction and humiliations. 
0	O rebels! Have your brothers warns you to abandon the democracy way for it only bring you suffer? 	
0	T72 tank recently hit by ISIS forces in north  Baghdad area of Tharthar. 
0	WoW interesting reports revealing all shia militias from  iraq to  lebanon are funded by  israel and  USA 
0	Here is Shia militias group  kataib_hizbula made by iran sponsored by America and Israel.. using amarican abraham...
0	20k  irani militiamen lost their lives from 2014 to 2015 only in  iraq revealed by their own war minister.. 
0	For your information Pic is from 2004 ..  shia_militiaman beheading Sunni civilians in the presence  USA...
0	ragipsoylu because  USA want to create new  israel in middle-east
0	Another Iranian made militia sponsored by America and Israel.. using amarican abraham tank  
0	Jazrawi_Aden, VivaRevolt Yes its about time or it will be the end of them soon 
0	King of  jordan  Israely puppet  
0	Saudi king Puppet of  Amarica  
0	UAE kings With whores .. 
0	Egyptian  SISI  Israely Puppet 
0	This is what whn  USA fucks you from behind and you still suck their dicks. 
0	Apparently the gay couldn't live in Iraq, since he must have thought IS will come & throw him from a building.
0	ISIS use ballons as drones. Caught yesterday by Peshmerga militants near erbil.  
0	If ever you thought US or West would topple Assad regime or help in toppling him anyway, you were fooled. 
0	And if you still think they'll help you anyway against Assad, you're grossly deluded. 
0	An intelligent & sane muslim should have known by neccesity US will not help you except by using you for their own interests.
0	The interest they had in Syria was to prevent the rise of an Islamic Caliphate, they'd have used shia for the purpose & supported them,
0	But they got natural puppets from sunnis, the rebels, so they used them to cause disunity between Iraqi & Syrian Jehad.
0	Once FSA & YPG used to fight together under US against IS, but YPG prostitutes got another partner Russia, so they started attacking FSA.
0	And FSA prostitutes have been abondoned by their partners and left to death.
0	Should be BREAKING: Tens of  Iraq army-men killed in  ISIS assaults west of  Ramadi .Tanks, vehicles destructions  	
0	Islamic State captures Rusafah district in Deir Ezzor after heavy clashes with SAA. 
0	Turkey PM Erdogan always sheds crocodile tears for Palestinian and Syrian civilians.
0	Erdogan just realized that he was a useless rubbish that only be used by US. Same thing will happened to PKK/PYD  
0	Nidalgazaui, WeaboIsNEET latest release from North baghdad shown the reality - they just fled in humiliation.
0	WeaboIsNEET remember the kuffs interview abt protecting Rafida area from being taken by IS?
0	I know lot's of brother felt sad for the fall of Minnigh to heretic PKK/PYD.. Sacrifices of brothers that led to the rise of Khilafah. 
0	Two T72  Syria army tanks destroyed in  kweires base vicinity hit by Kornet power rockets. 
0	Libya:  Belgian of  Moroccan origins beheaded for espionage in Sirte. 
0	How US & West played with Syrian rebels & finally abandoned them to die under Russian strikes & Shia assault.
0	Tena f rival elements killed, mechanisms destroyed in east  Haditha  Iraq  
0	Poland is joining the  USA-led Coalition against  ISIS..  Syria  Iraq
0	Only a coward and dumbass captain from Pakistan would drop Chris Gayle. Azhar Ali, pure retard.  PSLt20 
0	One good innings at one down by Umar Akmal and suddenly Azhar Ali feels his ODI place is under threat from Umar Akmal. 
0	The  Iraq|i army drone downed by  ISIS ground defenses yesterday near  Daquq..  Kirkuk 
0	To Thank Putin for killing Kids? Saudi King Salman to visit Moscow in mid-March - Kremlin aide  via TR_Foundation 	
0	DidyouknowVS, RamiAlLolah Doubt IS will be able to keep them in working condition. They are a nightmare for experienced US Army mechanics.
0	Grad rockets looks beautiful when weather is cloudy and time is evening.  Haditha latest.  ISIS  Iraq 
0	ISIS claims responsibility of blowing up a car bomb near an  Iraq|i police patrol inside  Kirkuk a while ago..
0	IS  AmaqNewsAgency  WilayatHims  Video Seizure of Vehicle Trying to Smuggle Cigarettes to Territory Controlled by the  IS in  Homs 1/2 
0	Watson is so angry of Dubai pitch, he wants to all Dulai in Sharjah. 
0	He is undoubtedly true. Hypocrite  AFG Taliban always played like whores in hands of na-Pakistan.
0	Ahmad ki Deewani, Ahmad ki Pari, Shahzad ki Shahzadi, Shahzad ki Raani - all having a tough sleep tonight.  WeWantAhmadShahzadBack
0	ISIS performs better when using the  USA-made TOW ATGM in west  Kuweires air-base battles..  Syria 
0	BIG!  BreakingNews  Turkey army entered 500m deep into  Syria|n territories through  Qahtaniyah border town in  Hasakah governorate..
0	Remember the kid from  UK in  ISIS video? He executed 3 spies in a new video by blowing them up inside a car  Syria
0	Enemies of Allah met their end in tragic way, the same they aid the Kuffar and Murtadeen
0	Russia|n intervention in  Syria has a bright side though.. 
0	Whomever reaches  Turkey borders first  YPG or SAA will determine Turkey's next move in  Syria. Turkey favors  Assad
0	Face of Terror:  ISIS release new video shows how a CHILD blowing up 3 spies inside a Car in  Raqqa Province  Syria. 
0	ISIS Terrorgroup allows a child to blow up 3 spies inside a car in Raqqa Province  Syria. 	
0	BreakingNews  Turkey army has established an army post ~600m deep into  Syria|n lands from Tell Jahan declaring it a closed military zone.. 
0	BreakingNews  Turkey army tells locals the aim of establishing the new army post ~600m inside  Syria is for Anti-smuggling purposes only.. 
0	"Both the names are trending. If U go through tweets of individuals you see westerners feels them - ""they r coming"".  "
0	Reports of heavy clashes bw  Pakistan backed afg Taliban and pro  ISIS elements in Nangahara  Afghanistan. 6 killed 10 wounded. 
0	Taliban atrocities and they have the nerve to call Islamic State barbaric  
0	British news paper did conduct secret interviews of Mosul residents after Islamic State conquered it & established Khilafah.
0	Only modernists who wanted to enjoy life opposed IS rule.
0	When a fish fly high off the water it hits the ground or embrace a trap same is  YPG doing. End is near if Rebels... 
0	Saudi King Salman to visit Moscow in mid-March: RIA cites Kremlin aide  via @Reuters 
0	Is there any criminal, murderer of muslim Ummah, the righteous & just ruler, Salman bin Abdul Aziz, is yet to shake his hands with?
0	According to US Intel chiefs,Saudi,UAE ground troops does not have the capability to fight against Islamic 
0	Isis video 'shows British child blowing up car with prisoners inside' 
0	West is not shocked or ashamed when their planes, drones, bombs & soldiers murder thousands & thousands of muslim children.
0	But is shocked when a muslim child choses arms to fight Western aggression on muslims. 	
0	How often Allaah, the most merciful, wants to favour us, but because of our narrow vision & limited knowledge, we see it as a calamity.
0	What is different between shiaa and Jews Zionism?
0	RamiAlLolah ISIS reportedly shot down an Assad army helicopter in Homs. Pilot is reportedly captured.. Syria 
0	syrian regime had a gr8 surprise this morning by IS in DeirEzzor military airport a martyrdom OP claimed dozens of dead from d Syrian regime 
0	escalation of clashes btwn the Islamic state the Syrian regime in the vicinity of DeirEzzor military airport with medium and heavy weapons 
0	Ikhwan can I get a BAQQIYAH family shoutout, Jazakoum ALLAH kul kheir 
0	Conflicts MAP Recent Syrian regime gains in Latakia and al-Ghab Plain Syria. IUCAnalysts
0	RamiAlLolah LOOOOL Convoy..!! AFP Iraq|i air forces targeted the Caliph al-Baghdadi's convoy in Anbar.. ISIS
0	BasMirnes Next time you complain that there is nothing to eat.
0	DeirEzzor  Violent clashes between IS syrian regime in d town of Jufrah the airport perimeter 36 syrian soldiers have been killed
0	jsiwat LOL but you saudi arabian tawagheet were on the side of Bush against Muslims of Iraq 
0	jsiwat Your jihad is for the sake of America oyu bastard not for Allah 
0	jsiwat you arab kalb go obey your yahood masters 
0	RamiAlLolah Meanwhile
0	Belalmd12 Sometimes Israeli snipers use these bullets against Palestinian protesters. Imagine the damage this does to a body!
0	New Release by AlFurqanMedia soon Audio Message by Sheikh Abu Mohammad al-Adnani 
0	Reuters: BREAKING Thousands of Iranian troops now in Syria to take part in ground offensives against insurgents. 
0	1 Filipina,Canadians and Norwegian hostages held by IS Soldiers from Jolo island,Mindanao Philippines.
0	New photos of IS Soldiers from Jolo island,Mindanao Philipines.hostages be killed if demands not meet
0	URGENT! Killed 5 Iraqi soldiers in an attack on their site by detonating an explosive device in Northern Tarmiya area Baghdad
0	Jazrawi_3uuud akhi, what this JN man is talking about, please have a look and explain
0	killed 65 soldiers wounded dozens during battles south west of Ramadi with d destruction of a number of vehicles during d past 2 days
0	Mandate of aleppo halab 10 ton bomb hit the Nusayris in Tel naam area this morning 
0	The Media Office Of WilayatNinawa But if you return to sin, We will return to punishment. 
0	Damaged 2 tanks, a cannon 23 a bulldozer belonging to the Syrian army with anti-tank missiles in the village of Tal Naam-East Aleppo by IS
0	Kirkuk Killing and wounding dozens of Iraqi army and shia militias by trying to advance on the alfathiyeh area in Kirkuk
0	Killed 6 and injured 14 of the Peshmerga in rocket bombardment that was carried out by fighters of IS on their sites northeast of Tal Afar
0	Syrian regime forces fail to progress towards the village of Tal Sabeen in the countryside eastern Aleppo
0	AlhamduLiLLAH Khilafah is Back
0	Jazrawi_3ooud Muhammad_Andals in my regional language, khusra means Gay
0	Soon in sha ALLAH AlShababBayah 
0	AmaqAgency The syrian regime aircraft carried out two raids Alabab city in the countryside east of Aleppo leaving one dead and 6 wounded. 
0	Bajwa47online for more updates Join on Telegram KhilafahNews 
0	Raqqa_SL mobi_ayubi ha? Where is she now? Any news on her?
0	Read these tweets following
0	skxx66x hahahaha 
0	WilayatAlAnbar A martyrdom operation on de headquarters of de safavi army nd militia. watch 
0	skx66x aameen 
0	War__Tracker skx66x 
0	Jihad67a akhi, ya ni now, after punishment in dunya, they'll be forgiven on the Day of Judgment. Rite?
0	Jihad67a jzakALLAH 
0	Media is an integral part in the functioning of a proper state. Islamic State has been doing exceptionally well...
0	Ameeen
0	Where in the world are your followers? TweepsMap maps them by country, state or city.
0	URGENT Islamic State says it dropped a Russian aircraft in mandate of Sinai 
0	Do you think Ahrar al sham will fight US troops if they invade Syria or do you think Ahrar al Sham will welcome them
0	jsiwat Your apostate 
0	You murtad apostate where is your thoughts and prayers for the mujahideen and the children of Syria?
0	AbuTarik carried out Martyrdom Opration against the Concentrations of the Rafidi Army in the N-west of Samarra
0	The hisbah unit of Islamic State ensures that all the dealings and products in the market and shops are Shariah...
0	Bajwa47online
0	Aleppo The arrival of 23 Mujahid of the Jund al-Aqsa with their full arms and equipment to the city of Manbej in ALEPPO to join the IS
0	if IS takes over Egypt.im sure they will flatten the Pyramids. Wipe them out from the face of the Earth
0	URGENT Diyala killed 4 Iraqi soldiers in an ambush by IS on d road between d villages of kippah Zagnah ortheast of Baquba in Diyala
0	URGENT Daraa IS in control of the town almudawwara in Daraa after clashes with opposition militants syria
0	IS in control of d road between d western Heer Palace d T4 airport as well as control on 2 regime ckpnts on the rd between Homs Palmyra
0	URGENT Aleppo IS managed to destroy the Syrian army convoy that tried to advance to the village Sheikh Ahmed 
0	Kindly Block this account Fukislamicstate
0	almuwmed DMIS1U GIIMediaCH004 KhalidMaghrebi
0	im back after a while
0	Breaking AlShababKills4Bayah AlShabab laid an ambush for some of the brothers that recently joined the Khilafah in Somalia
0	Bajwa47online and killed 5 of them near Sakow
0	Bajwa47online AlShababKills4Bayah 5 nobble brothers have been martyred in the attack.May Allah accept their Martydom
0	Bajwa47online They wr killed just for joining d Muslim Body nd avoiding disunity.They wr killed for fulfiling Allah's obligation of unity
0	Bajwa47online AlShababKills4Bayah Amongst da Islamic State Mujahideen Alshabab killed are 1. Sheikh Numaan 2A bro to Sheikh Numan
0	Bajwa47online And 3. Three other ansaris
0	Bajwa47online AlShababKills4Bayah Please Never forget who started fighting who: It Alshabab that started fighting the Islamic State
0	Bajwa47online Mujahideen Sheikh Abdulqadir mumin and the brothers with him in Goolis Mountains of puntland.
0	Bajwa47online And now you have lay an ambush for the soldiers of the Khilafah and kill 5 from them in Sakow.
0	Bajwa47online Please Never forget that it is Alshabaab that has started fighting the Islamic State and not the vice versor. As
0	Bajwa47online always When The Islamic State Mujahideen deffend themselves, You will hear the partisans blinded by desires who dont follow
0	Bajwa47online who dont follow news yealling that Dawlah kills Mujahideen
0	Bajwa47online We have seen this in Iraq, We have seen it shaam and specifically with the sahwaat of Hallab
0	Bajwa47online when they attacked the lightly guarded Dawlah centers in januarry 2014. AlShababKills4Bayah 
0	Bajwa47online Please spread this news and use this hashtag AlShababKills4Bayah 
0	ParisAttacks ISIS IslamicState 
0	DawahAkh2 BrotherJalaal Paris ParisAttacks ISIS
0	Breaking ParisAttacks in Arabic and French A statement on the blessed paris Attacks in crusader France
0	Bajwa47online KhilafahNews
0	ParisAttacks Statements in English Urdu
0	IslamicState WilayatTarabulus PhotoReport Heavy rain in Sirt city
0	Bajwa47online	Bajwa47online Speedy_Villain Somaliyyah Please Spread the Word 
0	ParisAttacks Paris attacks police hunt Jihadi accomplices parisisburning parisburns parisinflames
0	Breaking News Jabhat al Nusra storm a meeting of ISIS leaders in Daraa killing their leaders
0	Khawarij bitch right here LOL 
0	victorynewshd: SYRIA 3 Hezbollah fighters captured by Jabhat alNusra in Syria.
0	AlFatih18 Mubrak Akhi, may Allah rewards you for all your wishes to him and keep him on the Tawheed for all his life
0	IBra18FAtih AlFatih18 Wa Iyakum my brother, remember me and make Dua'a when you do AKIKA calibration
0	TheMuwahhid Whose ansaru?
0	The_Muwahhid AQ?
0	HAMZA35209826 akhi, is there any Khilafah News Telegram link? if so, please send me the link to it
0	UmmArbi Ok.
0	so sad news, Muslims killing each others when our Enemy is watching happily. May Allah unite our Muslims brothers 
0	Dear Washington Ahraralsham just beheaded a fighter of the YPG group you support 
0	RaqqaSL DidyouknowVS LOL 
0	TheMuwahhid What happened akhi?
0	AbuIzzadeen2 TheMuwahhid What is the name of the nasheed? 
0	AbuIzzadeen2 TheMuwahhid Allahuakbar probably the same brothers who sniped the najas American crusader kuffar in iraq LOL 
0	AMEEN
0	Pashtunist BrotherJalaal Did the taliban take US hostages?
0	ParisAttack 
0	What's up with the Telegram channel Diary of a Mujahid?? It's degenerating into something else. diaryofamujahid
0	Whatever our Prophet sallallahu alayhi wasallam told us is truth, some has already happened, others are around corner 
0	If you die on a faith other than Islam, you'll be the one who'll grieve
0	Allah made you most superior creation, He gave you brain, He created you to worship Him alone not those in service of you
0	There is a new harsh law for Muslims in Austria. Not allowed to get support from abroad. Lot of mosques will close and Alevite-communities
0	German press slowly realise there are thousands of assadists/shabiha/syria war criminals amongst refugees in Europe.
0	Gaza Jihadists Released this Photo. Just 50m away from closest  Israeli Checkpoint between Gaza and  Israel. 
0	Palestinian Martyrs when he tried to run over Israeli Soldiers with his Car today.
0	Denmark to expand anti-ISIS military mission with 400 Elite Soldiers.
0	Least people'll know that all american presidents were & r bloody relatives. Hilary,Trump,Bill r czns. Obama confessed Duk Chini is his czn.
0	Mostly everybody was calling me a clown and a pro  ISIS when I said this last year. It's too late to act now.
0	Hundreds of ppl shows the support at Shakhir area of Halab Syria Meanwhile ISF withdrawn 4m Makhmoor bases.Reports
0	Syria Syahwat says regime mobilizes, casts doubt on talks. Allies of infidels wander in darkness.
0	Western hypocrite outlet @thetimes promotes & glorify  Iraq|i Shiite war criminal Abu Azrael
0	Martyrs when he tried to run over Israeli Soldiers with his Car today.	 Turkey closed Bab al-Hawa border crossing until further notice..  Syria
0	Attack on  ISIS in Tanf border crossing by  Syria|n tribal militants with close support from  Jordan came few days after  Irbid incidents.
0	Thank you for clarifying your position, and also clearly crashing your Nullifiers of Islam - Salool!
0	A senior Hamas official announced on Tuesday that his movement still believes in establishing an Islamic state.
0	Tanf border crossing is still under IS control. IS medie denied Reports that Rebels took over the Border Crossing.
0	Commander of 17th Brigade of the  Iraqi Army  Killed by ISIL mine in Southern  Bagdad.
0	Hamas said to have fully stocked it's missile arsenal in Gaza.
0	Hamas blames Iran for lying about financial aid to Hamas, claiming they have not received any Iranian funding.
0	33 Zionist Soldiers/ Jews killed during the intifada in  Palestine + Dozens Injured.
0	Assad's army continue bleeds more soldiers.. 70 reportedly killed in a large scale  ISIS ambush/attack in  Ithriya northeast  Hama..  Syria 
0	ISIS-linked Amaq news agency denies Tanf border crossing fell to Syria|n tribal fighters says IS still control it fully.. Jordan Iraq
0	YPG terror group claims  Turkey army opened fire towards its positions in  Qamishli. Tension is escalating in the city..  Syria
0	Will be a joint operation with Saudi.. US warns Hezbollah Israel is staging a war in south Lebanon.
0	ISIS claims responsibility of IED attack targeted Egyptian security patrol near Oman consulate in Giza Cairo
0	Jabhat Al-Nusra supporter is in rage after he was beaten up by ISIS supporters outside his house.
0	Reports  Khanaser  Salamiyah road has been cut off because of a large scale  ISIS ambush against  Assad's army.
0	ISIS captured 20 Philippines Soldiers in Lanai city.
0	20 Philippines soldiers are captured alive in city of Jaanu by ISIS
0	Bangladeshi fangirls, get ready for spoiling your extra make ups.
0	ISIS supporters released this infographic showing how ISIS bans cigarettes in its territory but Al-Qaeda does not
0	There is this fabricated statement claiming to be from ISIS in Yemen that they will kill anyone opposing them
0	Breaking News ISIS claims responsibility of targeting a US air-force plane when later it was forced to land south Erbil.
0	IRAQ Amaaq claim IS shot down USA fighter jet south of Irible
0	It appears that the first generation of Al-Qaeda leaders highly praised ISIS' original incarnation
0	Intense  Israel|i air-forces activity south to  Sour. Multiple flares being dropped until now..  Lebanon  
0	USA-led Coalition reportedly bombarded a Shiite militia convoy north  Ramadi, eyewitnesses reported..  Anbar  Iraq  ISIS 
0	US-backed FSA Syrian nationalists stop fighting Assad and mobilise over 1000 men to battle ISIS in Deir al-Zour
0	Putin's Latest Moves: The Military Alliance Among Iran, Hezbollah And Russia In Syria Could Spread To Yemen
0	A recent video from the ISIS-linked Amaq news agency shows full control on tanf border crossing.. Iraq Syria
0	ISIS downed a  Peshmerga drone north  Ninawa,  Aamaq reported.
0	ISIS supporters post DM conversation of a Nusra fighter trying to groom women into immigrating to lawless Idlib
0	Aamaq showing the  Peshmerga drone downed by  ISIS north  Ninawa a while ago..  Iraq
0	Infographic 3  ISIS deadly attacks in one single week in  Tunisia  Jordan respectively. Tens reportedly killed.
0	Amaq says 6 Assad's army soldiers have surrendered themselves to ISIS in battles near Kuweires air-base.. Aleppo Syria
0	Turkey army artillery reportedly targeted  ISIS positions in Doudyan in north  Aleppo countryside..  Syria
0	Allahu Akbar, look how beautiful this grandpa is that conducted the Istishhadi operation, may Allah accept him, Amen 
0	AmaqAgency Syrian regime planes carry out 15 airstrikes on  Uqayribat in  Hamah's eastern countryside. 
0	Four dead and three wounded after the bombing of Rafidhi airstrikes in the city Hit in Anbar. 
0	Dawlah destroying a bulldozer with a guided missile west of Shadadi 
0	Battle photos from the assaults in Zoba' in Wilayaat Al Junoob.
0	Video: Farm damaged by Fajr Libya airstrikes in the city of Sirte, Libya
0	Series of huge explosions rocking  Rashdiya after multiple rockets fell few minutes ago..  Iraq 
0	BreakingNews  YPG terror group has reportedly attacked a  Turkey army post near  Syria|n borders. Intense clashes erupted near  Qamishli.
0	Breaking News Activists: One Turkey army soldier killed after YPG terror group attacked Turkish army border post near Syria|n borders.
0	Ahrar denies involvement in the suppression of demonstrations & condemns it & calling for the release of detainees.	
0	Knowing that US has killed 30 million muslims since WW2, 6 million in last 2 decades & is at war with Islam, & knowing their intentions
0	No one would justify taking their help, or helping them in their goals, against fellow muslims, who are biggest enemy of US 
0	Some people have no fear of punishment of Allah, but they just want to make sure they drag you along!
0	Yesterday night the Sahwat Al murtadeen took the village Al Taqli in north Aleppo with American air support.
0	Dawlah took it back within a few hours despite the apostate dogs having air support. Useless apostates.
0	"5 crusader Sahwa dogs was killed for now, make dua for more. ""Whoever is an ally to them - then he is one of them"
0	Implementing Sharia in the city Al Qayyarah. Destroying cigarettes & out of date goods No excuses. Sharia of Allah
0	America hit the same bridge in the city Al Qayyarah. No random airstrikes.
0	BreakingNews Several shells reportedly fell on  Turkey border city  Kilis. Unknown yet who fired them from  Syria.
0	These mujahideen has given Bayah to death. They will not return until they get victory or martyrdom. Red band. 
0	Dead apostates scums from the Sahwat al riddah. Dawlah offers ceasefire they decline, Bashar offers they accept.
0	Caucasus Emirate releases execution video of alleged  Russian spy, threatens  Putin
0	"ISIS have a class of fighters known as ""Inghimasi Teen"" who vow to enter the heart of the enemy and fight till death:
0	Reports suggest  ISIS was behind the rockets attack on  Kilis this morning are untrue. No official statement from  IS at all.  Syria  Turkey 
0	Attack by  Syria|n opposition groups on  ISIS in  Doudyan explains the heavy  Turkey army artillery shelling on the town since yesterday.. 
0	BreakingNews Despite the ceasefire  Syria|n army gives official order to SAA to respond to any hostile fire in all of  Aleppo fronts  Syria
0	al-Malahim, is not one battle, its a series of battles that will go on for a very long time It's begun now and will continue for a long time
0	Is the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization or a firewall against violent extremism?
0	Despite Muslim Brotherhoods efforts to reject violent Jihad, the Muslim Brotherhood are still declared extremists	
0	What?! Isn't he the same guy  USA officials said a week ago he moved to  Libya upon request from  ISIS Baghdadi?!
0	Some people said that the leadership of the Syrian rebels were stupid. But I did not expect this level of stupidity:
0	"PS. Sabai is an AQ ""scholar"" living in UK who barks day/night against Dawlah. Maybe thats why Zahran Alloush la3nat Allah called him a dog. "
0	Hollywood of Zawahiri: staging either one or both bayah. One idiot appeared twice & they forgot to change trucks.
0	They left the bro to die, they threw their weapons & fled. Not peacefully, not unharmed, rather unarmed. Hollywood.
0	Syria  FSA Sultan Murad Division says militants stole weapons & ammunition from one of their bases in  Aleppo 
0	It's like Tawhid al-Uluhiyyah, you would never understand it unless you are on the field for the Sake of Allah
0	"Too those calling themselves ""Monotheists"" and tweet those who joke about the religion of Allah Tfoo on your faces especially ""Baqiya"" Gals "
0	Hungary: Authorities creating a de facto buffer zone on Serbia border fence to keep refugees out 
0	Over the past 4 months, ISIS has reportedly directed 14 attacks against Assad guys for each attack against the rebels. They're not friends.
0	Kenya: Police arrest 4 men for trying to join  ISIS 
0	Dawlah takes control of 4 barracks belonging to the rafidhi army, north of Ramadi 25 killed, Hummer & BMP destroyed
0	American war criminal killed in Jaffa, has fought in Iraq & Afghanistan - by angry Palestinian.
0	This is attritional warfare. Withdrawing doesn't signify defeat. It's hybrid warfare
0	Aamaq claims distributed to 48 million Syrian pounds
0	15 rafidhi killed, 1 Hummer, 2 bulldozers & one armored vehicle destroyed in yesterday's battle in northeast Ramadi.
0	Breaking! Iraqi intelligence officer & his companions killed in a bombing of a boobytrapped house, Miqdadiya, Diyala 
0	Head of ISIS Space & Aviation unit reportedly captured by US Special forces Reuters quote intelligence official
0	Never raise the  Iraq|i flag.  ISIS executed him for raising the flag on top a radio tower after a battle with  IS..
0	SYRIA At Least 15  Hezbollah Fighters Have Been Killed In The Past 2 Weeks 
0	"For the moment, they are wiping off sunni people from the earth with their ""Axis of Resistance"" nothing more.  "
0	Seems no place in India is ready to host Pakistan, there is only one safe place for Pakistan but it's not safe for Indian team - Kashmir.
0	"ISIS-defector :"" YPG and the Syrian government ..... are working together against the moderate Syrian opposition""
1	QandA This myth continues to perpetuate that Saddam 's toppling created ISIS.	
1	They got rid of Hussein, but how is Daesh better?
1	POTUS brags the U.S. is beating  ISIS on Twitter while terrorists cont. to kill ppl.  islam  via WeaselZippers
1	Well done, we got rid of Saddam, now what do we have? Chaos, ISIS, massive deficits. 	
1	Blame Obama 's policy to pull out of IRAQ that caused the birth of ISIS
1	Getting rid of Saddam Hussain led directly to the creation of ISIS.	
1	U.S. Airstrikes, Afghan forces blunt Islamic State advances 
1	US Intelligence - led directly to Daesh  QandA
1	''Insurgency In Southern Thailand: More Unrest Ahead?'':  ISIS raising its head in  SoutheastAsia? 
1	Plans for the next Isis attack. (Calm down PC folks. It is just a joke) OverheardAtThe7Eleven
1	ISIS is better than Saddam - sure!
1	qanda got rid of Hussein and gave us ISIS	
1	Was it worth detroying Saddam Hussein if the trade off is ISIS?
1	Dissolving the iraqi army actually lead to the rise of  Daesh so Brandis is wrong again
1	Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama created Isis, says Donald Trump 
1	More than 20 youngsters missing from Kerala are suspected to have joined the Islamic State.
1	vanbadham Isis was created by your hero Obama.
1	Sheriff Clarke: BLM and ISIS Will Soon Join Forces To Take Down The Nation - Truth And Action
1	ISIS is against Assad. Both are equally as barbaric. Choose one.
1	islamic state grew out of al Qaeda in Iraq George nice try
1	We Might Be Winning the War Against ISIS, At Least on Social Media
1	UK: ISIS jihad massacre plotter has sentence reduced despite determination to attack
1	I've never had a problem with ISIS, just Americans and the police.
1	West supported Saddam Hussein to attack Iran  
1	ISIL came about because the West stuffed up when leaving Iraq
1	What a sacrifice. May Allah give this man the highest of paradise. Ameen  isis   jihad  muslim  Hero 
1	There are now hundreds of thousand of Iraqis dead and we have ISIS. Is that still a better outcome George? 
1	U.S. sending advisers to help Iraq army push on Mosul: Carter  via Reuters
1	How long b4 statues like Churchills will b dragged 2 the ground & our heritage destroyed by  ISIS sympathisers if we don't leave EU
1	Looks like  Iraq has hired the A-Team to take on  IslamicState!
1	Crazy to think a year ago today I woke up to a bomb & the building raining debris on me.   travel  ISIS  Egypt  Cairo
1	Twitter traffic from ISIS accounts plunges cc: intelwire
1	If only ISIS would stand in traffic, like  BLM let 's pandering white libs stand in traffic.
1	LOL Iraqi says himself Iraq War was a good thing, suck on it Left-Wingers  qanda ISIL is a product of Islam, the uh, Refugee Religion  LOL
1	Bush destroyed saddam but obama created isis in SYRIA not Iraq  and the world knows it  qanda
1	What should we do? Get the hell out & allow the Iraqi 's to rebuild alone. The coalition of the willing created this isis nightmare  QandA
1	Abbott was a busy warmonger in 2003 only to rave that ISIS was a 'death cult ' when he was PM  qanda
1	The Dawah in Yathrib (Madinah) was assigned to Musab Ibn Umair who fulfilled it and paved the way for it to become the first  Islamic State
1	Fears priest 'kidnapped by Isis ' may be crucified on  GoodFriday.
1	I helped build this FOB in '03 | Seizure of key air base near Mosul raises prospect of U.S. escalation against ISIS
1	AppSame if not for Bush, there would be no ISIS	
1	FFS George..you caused chaos & created space for all those maniacs to manifest ' hello ISIS..
1	qanda Tanya. Kevin Rudd led the ousting of Gaddafi who predicted the rise of isis. Not saddams ousting
1	Female British Medical Student ISIS recruit, killed in Iraq: A medical student who joined Isis has become the.
1	Invasion of Ottoman Empire left us with Israel, Invasion of Iraq left us with ISIS. Same same.  Consistancy
1	U.S. to move advisers to help Iraqi army push on Mosul: Carter (E-Kurd) Kurdistan
1	Please stop calling Islamic state ISIS you dishonour a great goddess  QandA	
1	From the Sky: North Korea 's 2016 Nuclear Test PDF  via TheGoodISIS
1	Carter, in Iraq, announces preliminary plan to retake Mosul from ISIS  via MilitaryTimes	
1	The Iraq war created ISIS  The Iraq war created ISIS
1	U.S. Sending Advisers to Help Iraq Army Push on Mosul: Carter 
1	2 helicopter pilots downed by Daesh in Syria  PrayForRussian
1	SecDef Carter: US sending extra 560 troops to  Iraq. Will be based south of  Mosul & take official number deployed to 4,600.
1	cnnbrk CNN US created, pandered to and is STILL supplying them, why would you even headline taking back something from ISIS? PROPAGANDA!
1	"Islamic State didn't exist at the time. " I KNOW RITE!  It 's like he made vanbadham 's point for her.  qanda QandA"
1	There were no links between Saddam and terrorists like Alqaeda Now Iraq is ISIS Alqaeda stronghold 
1	michaelvaughan Portugal terrorised them again Michael. Are they ISIL too?
1	ISIS Attempts To Attack A U.S. Helicopter - You Have To See The Response They Got!
1	It 's not ISIS. Rather it is  AISIS= Anti Islamic state in Iraqi and Syria.
1	Case filed against  ZakirNaik in  Palakkad  Kerala for conversion and enticing youth to join IS  IslamicState
1	Yes Brandis, Islamic state didn't exist in 03.. the complete self-interest by the US during reconstruction literally create it
1	What should the leading Islamic imams say about ISIS to apologise for the murders and act of terror all over the world?
1	Brandis seriously denying that Daesh was brought about by the war? Really?
1	ISIS was founded in 2002. It went by the name Jama'at al-Tawhid wa'l Jihad. We invaded in 2003.	
1	Bush made ISIS inevitable. He destroyed the Iraqi state and military and the only institutions left were religious.
1	mathrubhumi Such political opportunists gave fodder to the growth of ISIS in Kerala. Deliberately closed eyes on warnings to win votes
1	The only solution to stop Iranian militias to participate in  Mosul liberation and massacring Sunnis.
1	British medical student becomes first female Isis recruit killed, reports claim Nice to know it 's not all bad news now and again isn't it.
1	realDonaldTrump The cop killer was a terrorist. Just because not ISIS , still a terrorist.Hillary still empathizing with terror groups?
1	ProbablyJon Well, almost everyone 's seen an ISIS decapitation video at some point	
1	Taliban troubled over ISIS 's attempts to expand foothold in Afghanistan - The New Indian Express
1	Palakkad court directs to take case against Zakir Naik on ISIS recruitment case  ZakirNaik   ISIS  kerala   IslamicState
1	French journalist goes undercover with Islamic State terror cell  via abcnews
1	Reform means to destroy current laws and replace them. Obama is the leader of BLM and Isis.
1	Isis doing what the rashiduns & ottomans did.  Our Fault?.   Or Islamic history.
1	Two more pics of Cuspert wearing the French jacket, both from spring '15 in Raqqa. He did not wore it on later pics.
1	Can people do us Muslims a favour and not call them  ISIS anymore but  AISIS = Anti Islamic State In Iraq and Syria.	
1	New Daesh Jacked - IP data viewable JJ87n	The policies of the so called democratic regime in Iraq led to the anti Sunni policies and consequent support for ISIS
1	StaceyBridges18 priceless you've drank To much Kool-Aid. Isis formed under Obama 's watch!  Criminal Barry  FoxNews 
1	Why ISIS Persists  via New Europe
1	Pictures: Daesh Terrorist Group Execute 70 Members In  Raqqa 
1	SolTheApostate It shouldn't surprise me but it does when Van Badham states ISIS is due to the IRAQ war. How fucking clueless can one be?	
1	ISIL isn't directly the result of Iraq War. People forget the rest of the details too often
1	Tanya Piginasak spreading that cocaine-laced ISIS love all over  qanda!
1	Hamas Dances With the Devil: ISIS in Gaza
1	Al Queida didn't have the tool of social media.  ISIL do.  That should concern us  Wanda
1	Carter: US will use Iraq city as base to retake Mosul (from @AP) 
1	US Defense Secretary Carter in Baghdad to discuss plans to retake Mosul from ISIS.
1	The west is not responsible for ISIS. Islam extremism is responsible for ISIS 
1	How shameful and pathetic is this? Is Pakistan or ISIS killing people in the streets? 
1	This is not from Hollywood but better.  IslamicState destroying Iraqi hummers 
1	Undoubtedly Suadi Arabia supports ISIS  
1	ISIS plot to target England fans at Euro 2016 discovered on Salah Abdeslam 's laptop 
1	Isis: 'We're going to have to be involved in this conflict for a very long time ' -Black Flags author JobyWarrick  
1	We Might Be Winning the War Against ISIS, At Least on Social Media   Technology  technews  puledo_tech_update	
1	Tanya and Van are the reason ISIS are there now . . we should go in and wipe ISIS out
1	Al Queida did not have the tool of Social Media.  ISIL do.  That should concern us  QandA	
1	ISIS plot to target England fans at Euro 2016 discovered on Salah Abdeslam 's laptop 
1	Wish we would just send 5,000 plus and finish Isis! !
1	Fighting ISIS With an Algorithm, Physicists Try to Predict Attacks
1	US, Iraqi forces brace for battle to retake Mosul from ISIS.
1	Latest Missing Keralites links with ISIS , Police starts enquiry today
1	He has made more change than any crappy judge bush who attracted isis to y'all coubtry do not be fucking dumv
1	Carter US Will Use Iraq City as Base to Retake 
1	No one covered the Muslim antiIsis march that took place in London last week			
1	Afghan Forces Kill 39 Militants in 5 Provinces, Including 31 Daesh Fighters 
1	Carter US will use Iraq city as base to retake Mosul 
1	Seizure of key air base near Mosul raises prospect of US escalation against ISIS in. 
1	US to help Iraq build base for push on Mosul Carter
1	Army destroys a fuel tanker for ISIS in Sweida countryside Sweida, SANA An army unit destroyed a fuel tanker. 
1	HDouble game? Even as it battles ISIS, Turkey gives other extremists shelter
1	Stockholm Goteborg Malmo ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET 
1	accionempresa The US Government is taking the battle against terrorism online, countering ext. 
1	accionempresa The US Government is taking the battle against terrorism online, countering ext. 
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taki.
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taki.
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET
1	For all your latest reports and pics on Qayyarah MosulOp
1	3Novices ISIS link 21 missing from Kerala
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taking the.
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taking the.
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	TreadNotOnMe92 BRios82 Obama was also the one who armed those Syrians who started ISIS.
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	Dr. Sebastian Gorka Islamic State Is Attacking Wherever They Wish
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	PHOTOS ISIS Terror Group Organizes Its Own Jihad Olympics Game In Syria.
1	cheguwerra What Im saying is cos more more Muslim boys r joining ISIS 4m diff parts of India,clerics leaders shd start giving gud advice.		
1	He always gave to ISIL or ISIS witj more. He was to envy of my place in network. He with crowd couldnt let go of it. Place several reasons
1	Bagdad,le chef du Pentagone en visite pour parler de la lutte antiDaesh 
1	Intelligence Agency ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles	
1	CNN as long its supported by the vested interests, which helped in its creation. ISIL will never be routed out.
1	Sonia Gandhi talking on National Security is like ISIS talking on Peace Harmony. India infected due to Congress ProTerrorism Secularism.
1	Seizure of key air base near Mosul raises prospect of US es.  
1	US to help Iraq build base for push on Mosul: Carter Reuters
1	Gen. Michael Flynn I Was Fired for Calling Our Enemies Radical Islamic Jihadists 
1	70,000 Muslim clerics just issued a fatwa against terrorism 
1	Evidence Mounting That Turkey Is Behind ISIS Recruitment to Establish an Islamic Caliphate
1	Kerala ISIS Links 1 Arrested
1	SYRIA Islamic State Releases Pics Shows an SDF Vehicle Being Hit By An AntiArmor Guided Missile In N Of Manbij
1	US officials claim proISIS Twitter traffic fell 45 percent in two years 
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taking the
1	600 ISIL Terrorists Killed in Anbar Operations, Iraqli Army Wins Back Key Region Near Ramadi City.
1	Real Trump Isis You Will Go Up In Smoke When it Clears U Will Be Gone
1	mattiatoaldo PatrickMarkey Yes, the Libyan seen without ISIS, without doubt is something else
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is takin.
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taking the.		
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET
1	thaarikrising i think i have said its not religion its extremists in religion who create problems.ISIS is havoc 4 muslims nonmuslims both
1	7 Indian firms among those in Islamic State supply chain EU study
1	Heyo yang Jomblo Yuk Merapat! isis absen dulu di GiniGituAttoOno till 6 PM. Kirim foto kece yg paling SWAG abes sertain NarsisTime
1	From CIA, to KGB, GRU, MBA, PhD, BLM, CPA, PsyOp 2 discredit ISIS is amazingly desperate and running out of ideas 
1	AP Islamic States Twitter traffic drops amid US efforts 
1	isis based camp 8 miles from alpaso texas 3 miles from the american mexico border, a list of targets discovered,
1	Unemployed youths being roped in by ISIS,JMB in WestBengalBorder districts
1	Targeted ISIS accounts 
1	Not even one gram of justice in this scheme DESTROY ALL ISIS ACCOUNTs.!  FLOOD ON!
1	Kiongozi wa ISIS Amekiri Kwamba Wanafadhiliwa na Utawala wa Obama
1	NATO is sending radar planes to coordinate airstrikes against the Islamic State
1	Movie News Samanthas current read: Rise of ISIS PopcornNews 
1	Unemployed youth being roped in by ISIS JMB: Reports Bangladesh  
1	Syria Southern FSA continues battle against Islamic State in western Daraa   
1	Army destroys a fuel tanker for ISIS in Sweida countryside
1	pithypisces HeidiNel You miss the point, if ISIS is seen mainly as operating from faith motivations, we misundertand how to deal w them
1	Carter US Will Use Iraq City as Base to Retake Mosul Mosul IraqCity
1	Carter US will use Iraq city as base to retake Mosul
1	spokilv headshot, get rekt isis fuck
1	Islamic State beheads 4 soccer players after declaring the sport unIslamic
1	NATO agreed in principle to use AWACS surveillance flights to aid CounterISIL Coalition
1	Islamic State territory is shrinking 			
1	Fighters from the Kurdish Womens Defense Units send a message of solidarity to BlackLivesMatter
1	RNRVirgnia Yes, and in my opinion, OBAMA had MUCH to do with this. Just like scrubbing ISIS terms from Orlando transcripts. Blaming racism
1	DhakaAttack Who says there is no Islamic State in Bangladesh, asks taslimanasreen. Read on
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles CNET The US Government is taking the battle against terrorism
1	SaurabhG1404 bro its not about Pakistan its about world and we have to fight with isis together
1	long term win is necessarystrike at ISISs finances 4 extermination!  
1	ISIS has launched a newspaper to recruit Southeast Asian fighters
1	Carter US will use Iraq cybercity as cyberbase to retake Mosul
1	Carter US will use Iraq city as base to retake Mosul Washington Post CNN InternationalCarter US will use. 
1	The worst Isis attack in weeks is the one the world probably cares least about
1	Army destroys a fuel tanker for ISIS in Sweida countryside Sweida, SANA An army unit destroyed a fuel tanke.
1	Army destroys a fuel tanker for ISIS in Sweida countryside
1	21 muslims disappear from Kerala to join ISIS and pinarayivijayan promptly says Terror has no Religion!  Cant wake one pretending to sleep!
1	Yeni Hayat, one of the few remaining independent dailies in Turkey facing censorship over report on ISIS
1	British medical student becomes first female Isis recruit killed, reports claim
1	ISIS Loses Quarter of Territory in Past 18 Months Report SmartNews 
1	Carter US will use Iraq city as base to retake Mosul People grieve during a symbolic funeral for the victim.
1	ISIS be uploading 45 minute HD  videos from the desert Im sitting here looking at a half loaded Instagram page for the last 5 minutes.
1	Syrian Fighter Jets Hit ISILs Military Column Heavily in DeirEzzur
1	thaarikrising yes problems extremism occur in all religions but where have ISIS , muzadiddin,lashkar come from?Accept their reality fight	
1	Kerala and Islamic State Cong and Left both love radical fundamentalists via firstpost  
1	yuzaf I agree.  Libya needs money first.  Haftar and Misrata can work together for security when Isis are gone.
1	OMG! This is Shocking! This Muslim guy hugged ISIS Suicide bomber! You can't even imagine why he did
1	US to help Iraq build base for push on Mosul Carter 
1	No surprise! India is involved in recruiting ISIS termites! IndiaISISandBangladesh
1	Britain Medical student who joined  ISIS becomes first British female killed in air strike in  Iraq
1	Ji families of missing youths claiming that Their sons visited ZakirNaik before Leaving for ISIS
1	U.S. intelligence shows that  ISIS not desperate, just
1	every time you turn on the TV it 's another terrorist attack on innocent people . Under the disguise of ISIS.	
1	Xavier University Student pleads guilty of trying to join ISIS!
1	Islamic State using drones armed with explosives, spy cameras  
1	Our ally Turkey, in the fight to degrade & destroy the Islamic State
1	Islamic State launches Malay newspaper to woo supporters in Southeast Asia
1	ISIS suicide bomber cornered and beaten by brave crowd in mosque 
1	UK Muslims spread Islamic State propaganda and execution videos 
1	I don't understand how ISIS killing Muslims in any way disputes the fact that it's composed of Muslims. Was the IRA not Christian?
1	Intense video shows the moment a Russian helicopter is downed by ISIS in Syria
1	A deadly ISIS bombing in Baghdad has some wondering: Where 'is the solidarity with Iraq?
1	No one covered the Muslim anti-Isis march that took place in London last week 
1	New ISIS Video Shows Mass Executions of Shia Muslims in Kirkuk, Iraq: In screenshots from a new video.
1	Islamic State thugs are furious over this picture.
1	ISIS, they need a de-radicalisation programme to enter back into society.	
1	ISIS are infamous for their beheadings, but who 's the root of such  Terrorism?
1	US to send 560 more troops to Iraq to help fight so-called Islamic State (IS), Defence.
1	Those remaining civilians will support anyone defending them even if they're al Qaeda or even ISIS
1	'ISIS-linked suspects sought to bomb Jewish institutions in South Africa': Two brothers allegedly linked to I.
1	Islamic State has lost grip on 12% of territory in six months 
1	US will use Iraq city as base to retake Mosul
1	U.S. and coalition forces will use the newly retaken air base in Qayara as a staging hub, as Iraqi security.
1	The US is sending more troops to fight ISIS in Mosul  	
1	These missing boys from Bangladesh joined ISIS!  
1	South Africa Charges Twins Over Plot to Attack U.S. Embassy and Join ISIS
1	ISIS is an American tool, they implanted it into our country to justify their
1	Hasaka Attack Shows How Brutal the ISIS Is!
1	US to send more troops to Iraq for key anti-IS group offensive: Pentagon chief Ashton Carter said Monday that. 
1	Video: The moment a Russian helicopter is shot down by ISIS 
1	Why Does ISIS Only Fight Israel's Enemies? And Why Do They Have So Much In Common?
1	Yes now the assyrians can go back to Mosul without fear. 
1	Turkish AKP govt blocking access to 4 newspapers ' websites for the news that focused on ISIS attacks and AKP-ISIS relations.
1	Islamic State launches Malay newspaper to woo supporters in Southeast Asia
1	Our ally Turkey, in the fight to degrade & destroy the Islamic State
1	UNICEF warning on dire situation for children in  Mosul  Iraq 
1	IslamicState Is Losing Ground, But Is It Even More Dangerous Than Ever?
1	ISIS influence on the decline as terrorists lose Twitter battles
1	U.S. to help Iraq with key ISIS operation: The additional forces will be sent to establish an air .
1	SanDoval, this devil made trips to Syria & Iraq. His aim was to hire ISIS mercenaries who now blow up in Muslim countries..
1	Twins charged with planning attack on US embassy. First ISIS-related arrests in South Africa
1	ISIL Terrorists Fleeing  Mosul to  Syria in 160 Military Vehicles
1	To boost battle against ISIS, U.S. sends hundreds of troops to Iraq	
1	Weather you love them or hate them the organization known as  ISIS has caused the most damage and harm to  Russia
1	Muslim Man Hugs ISIS Suicide Bomber Moments Before Explosion, Saves Hundreds Of Lives 
1	That little son of a pauper that posted that comment is with soul. I guess he 'is an ISIS and Boko Haram promoter
1	take mosul and occupy it, it does not make sense to fight against isis and then withdraw like obama,stay there!
1	Source: 600  ISIL Takfiri Terrorists Killed in  Anbar Operations
1	NarendraModi: Amid the expanding footprint of ISIS across the world, Prime Minister Narendra Modi today warned.
1	Very educated youth joining ISIS from across the world: Jayadeva Ranade, Former Secretary, R&AW
1	Just got this in the mail and haven't stopped laughing at the isis welcome mat 
1	ISIS, trading the legion of doom for deserter bergdahl, iran deal, gov. corruption, Clinton money from big banks & M.E.
1	These missing boys from Bangladesh joined ISIS!
1	18 youths go missing: Did they join Islamic State?
1	Here 's the GOP tackling Zika, Judicial vacancies, Veteran Suicides, ISIS and Lead poisoned water.
1	Will ISIS be pushed easily from  Mosul after the  "" mother of all battles "" ?  
1	Yesterday an ISIS member stopped the car of a Christian couple. ISIS member: Are you Muslim? Christian man: Yes
1	Hillary Clinton Your husband gave nukes to North Korea. Unsupported Islamic State and did business w/ Saudis that have horrible human rights
1	South Africa Charges Twins Over Plot to Attack U.S. Embassy and Join ISIS  
1	US Defense Secretary in Baghdad as Iraqi troops capture important airbase from ISIS 
1	After  ISIS infiltrated  Palmyra city & took control over some areas, they were forced to withdraw due to heavy aerial bombardment.	
1	She has no room to talk. She IS a brutal dictator. She pushed Obama to bomb Libya, which caused the survivors to join ISIS.	
1	Does Ayotte prefer Trump's strategy of carpet bombing civilians & targeting ISIS terrorists ' families? nh politics
1	We demand banning of all cooperation with IRGC its militia in Syria & Iraq under the pretext of fighting Daesh
1	ISIS blows up a mosque and you still want to say they represent Islam? 
1	ISIS suicide bomber cornered and beaten by brave crowd in mosque
1	Muslim Arrested for ISIS Support, Wanted to Kill US Soldiers
1	Regime has filled the airport with all sorts of weapons in  Palmyra just waiting for ISIS to take it
1	Islamic State, JMB recruiting jobless Muslim youths for 'jihad ' in eastern region 
1	One Islamic state  Nigeria,amounts to nothing less than outright extortion,a gross violation of  IPOB liberty beyond
1	Defeat of ISIS will come when its ranks lose the will & desire to fight - useful 
1	Islamic State, JMB recruiting jobless Muslim youths for 'jihad ' in eastern region 
1	ISIS Leader Al-Baghdadi Calls for Destruction of Kaaba Stone 
1	I won't be surprised if ISIS uses it as an arsenal tomorrow. I am sure you agree to it
1	if a person like ISIS membr kill 100 ppl thn get cought n is summoned to death wud it b justice with victims?
1	Fallujah after Isis: a city of ghosts and graffiti
1	WATCH How Daesh Destroyed 4,000 Years Ancients Heritages of Palmyra 
1	U.S. sending advisers to help  Iraq army push on  Mosul
1	We've been killing their families for over 3 decades. That we don't expect retaliation from Bin Laden or ISIS is utterly stupid.	
1	South Africa charges twins over plot to attack U.S. embassy, Jewish institutions and join ISIS
1	23 or 50 people died in kashmir they are not innocent, if any one said like that they will b thot ISIS, laden n hafeez r also innocent
1	Qayara Airbase,45 kilometers south of Mosul, which has recently been recaptured from ISIS will be a central base for conducting the Mosul.
1	No. It was Muslims. Al Qaeda and ISIS are just the militant branch of that political agenda.
1	Horrible to compare Black Lives Matter to ISIS.   ISIS is coherent, effective and well-organised.
1	I hope this helps steer niggas away from isis .. like I hope this kills all hope of a violent uprising. it's all about magic baby
1	Once again UNESCO are attempting to ignore all Jewish ties to the Temple Mount and the Western Wall. They have.
1	Islamic State lost quarter of its Iraq, Syria territory in 18 months: IHS  	
1	U.S. to help Iraq with key ISIS operation: The additional forces will be sent to establish an air base for the long-awaited battle to.
1	Philippine troops kill 40 Daesh-linked Abu Sayyaf militants
1	An unstable Turkey could aid  ISIS strategy.	
1	Can't understand a word he's saying.. Is he alright? I know the ISIS topic is sticky one, but this. .
1	He needs to give  ISIS a real heads-up and be sure to post the date, hour and location too.
1	Terror tentacles of ISIS all over Kerala
1	US-led coalition refusal to 'truly unite forces ' with Russia prevents the defeat of Daesh
1	Tug-of-war and musical chairs:  ISIS organises their own Jihad  Olympic
1	See ISIS 'caliphate ' shrink: ISIS is struggling to hold on to territory in Syria and Iraq
1	Islamic State Group Twitter Traffic Drops 45 Percent
1	All of the failed Obama-Clinton approach to combating ISIS than the White House said:
1	US to Deploy 560 More Troops to Iraq in Preparation for Mosul Offensive